What is NodeJS ? Why NodeJS ?

Node.js is an open source server environment
Node.js is free
Node.js runs on various platforms (Windows, Linux, Unix, Mac OS X, etc.)
Node.js uses JavaScript on the server

Node.js uses asynchronous programming!

A common task for a web server can be to open a file on the server and return the content to the client.

Here is how PHP or ASP handles a file request:

Sends the task to the computer's file system.
Waits while the file system opens and reads the file.
Returns the content to the client.
Ready to handle the next request.
Here is how Node.js handles a file request:

Sends the task to the computer's file system.
Ready to handle the next request.
When the file system has opened and read the file, the server returns the content to the client.
Node.js eliminates the waiting, and simply continues with the next request.

Node.js runs single-threaded, non-blocking, asynchronously programming, which is very memory efficient.
Node.js is perfect for event-driven applications.

-------------------

What is a module ?

It is a javascript library you can use for your nodejs project

-------------------

What is NPM? Package?

NPM is a package manager for Node.js packages, or modules if you like.
The NPM program is installed on your computer when you install Node.js
A package in Node.js contains all the files you need for a module.

-------------------

How to download a package?

# npm install upper-case

-------------------

How to use a package?
It's the same way you include any other module:

var uc = require('upper-case');

-------------------

Most common modules ?

http - to deal with http request
fs - filesystem to read, write, modify, open, delete files
url - to get url parameters using parse method
events - Create EventEmitter Object, create event handler, assign the handler to the event, then use emit() to fire an event
formidable - Upload files
Nodemailer - Send email from server/your computer, can be multiple receivers(separated by comma), with text or html format
mysql - npm install mysql
assert -  provides a set of assertion tests
timers - To execute a function after a given number of milliseconds

-------------------
